Update readme with more Symfony instructions (#37)
facile-it/doctrine-mysql-come-back: README.md

                    x_reconnect_attempts: 3
```

> If you are setting up your database connection using a`database_url` env variable (like newer Symfony versions require) **you need to remove the protocol** from your database url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are setting up your database connection using a DSN/`database_url` env variable (like the Doctrine Symfony Flex recipe suggests) **you need to remove the protocol** from your database url.
```
